<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="author-adding-media">
  <title>Adding Video, Audio, and Embedded HTML Resources</title>
    <shortdesc>Adding video, audio, and embedded HTML resources to your DITA, DocBook, or XHTML
        topics allows you to create engaging and interactive content. Supported media types include
        mp3, wav, m4a, mp4, and embedded videos using iframe code. In Author mode, the media objects
        are rendered and can be played directly, while in the publishing stage, they are converted
        to HTML5 elements for proper rendering in all HTML5-based outputs.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>video</indexterm>
        <indexterm>audio</indexterm>
        <indexterm>embedded HTML</indexterm>
        <indexterm>DITA</indexterm>
        <indexterm>HTML5</indexterm>
      </keywords>
      <othermeta name="q1"
        content="How can I add video, audio, and embedded HTML resources to my DITA, DocBook, or XHTML topics?"/>
      <othermeta name="q2" content="What are the supported media types for adding media resources?"/>
      <othermeta name="q3" content="How can I add a media resource to my document?"/>
      <othermeta name="q4" content="How are media objects rendered and played in Author mode?"/>
      <othermeta name="q5"
        content="How are media objects converted and rendered in the publishing stage for all HTML5-based outputs?"
      />
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
        <p>In your DITA, DocBook, or XHTML topics, you have the ability to add media resources such
            as videos, audio clips, or embedded HTML frames. These resources can be played directly
            in "Author" mode and in all HTML5-based outputs. To add a reference to a media resource,
            you can use a handy toolbar button. You can also simply drag media files from your
            system explorer or the Project Explorer view and drop them into your documents, or copy
            and paste them. This makes it easy to include engaging media content in your topics. So
            go ahead and enhance your content by adding videos, audio clips, or HTML frames to make
            it more interactive and exciting for your readers.</p>
    <table frame="all" colsep="1" rowsep="1" id="table_oty_bgk_54b">
      <title>Supported Media Types</title>
      <tgroup cols="4">
        <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*" colsep="1" rowsep="1"/>
        <colspec colname="newCol2" colnum="2" colwidth="2*" colsep="1" rowsep="1"/>
        <colspec colname="c2" colnum="3" colwidth=".5*" colsep="1" rowsep="1" align="center"/>
        <colspec colname="c3" colnum="4" colwidth="1.5*" colsep="1" rowsep="1"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry>Media</entry>
            <entry>Description</entry>
            <entry>Type</entry>
            <entry>Supported Size Properties</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry><i>mp3</i></entry>
            <entry>Moving Picture Experts Group Layer-3 Audio </entry>
            <entry>audio</entry>
            <entry>Width</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><i>wav</i></entry>
            <entry>Windows Wave</entry>
            <entry>audio</entry>
            <entry>Width</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><i>pcm</i></entry>
            <entry>Pulse Code Modulation</entry>
            <entry>audio</entry>
            <entry>Width</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><i>m4a</i></entry>
            <entry>Moving Picture Experts Group Layer-4 Audio</entry>
            <entry>audio</entry>
            <entry>Width</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><i>aif</i></entry>
            <entry>Audio Interchange Format</entry>
            <entry>audio</entry>
            <entry>Width</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><i>mp4</i></entry>
            <entry>Moving Picture Experts Group Layer-4 Video</entry>
            <entry>video</entry>
            <entry>Width &amp; Height</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><i>m4v</i></entry>
            <entry>iTunes Video File</entry>
            <entry>video</entry>
            <entry>Width &amp; Height</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><i>avi</i></entry>
            <entry>Audio Video Interleaved</entry>
            <entry>video</entry>
            <entry>Width &amp; Height</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>embedded video (such as <i>YouTube</i> or <i>Vimeo</i>)</entry>
            <entry>Embedded Iframe Code</entry>
            <entry>iframe</entry>
            <entry>Width &amp; Height</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
    <section id="adding-image-inline">
      <title>Adding a Media Resource</title>
      <p id="p_pty_bgk_54b">To insert a media resource in a document, use the following procedure:</p>
      <ol id="ol_eb4_q5d_xp">
        <li id="li_qty_bgk_54b">Place the cursor at the location where you want the media resource. </li>
        <li id="li_rty_bgk_54b">Select the Insert Media Resource action from the toolbar. A
            <uicontrol>Chose Media</uicontrol> dialog box appears.<note id="note_sty_bgk_54b">You
            can also drag media files from your system explorer or the <uicontrol
              product="authorEclipse editorEclipse">Project Explorer</uicontrol> view and drop them
            into your documents (or copy and paste them). </note></li>
        <li id="li_tty_bgk_54b">Select the URL for the media resource and click <uicontrol>Ok</uicontrol>.</li>
      </ol>
      <p id="p_uty_bgk_54b"><b>Result in Author Mode:</b> A reference to the specified media object is inserted and
        rendered in <uicontrol>Author</uicontrol> mode so that it can be played directly from
        there.</p>
      <p id="publishing-stage"><b>Result in Output:</b> In the publishing stage, the media object is
        converted to an HTML5 element so that it can be rendered properly and played in all
        HTML5-based outputs.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
