<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_y33_xvz_qxb">
    <title></title>
    <body>
        <p>We are excited to announce a new release for the <b>Oxygen AI Positron Assistant</b>!
            Version 0.9.2 comes with exciting new features like chat, preview changes, AI-based
            quick fixes, AI-based XPath extension functions, and new AI actions that allow grammar
            correction, rewrite content and to check how your content responds to specific
            questions.</p>
        <p>The <b>AI Positron Chat</b> side view provides a better user experience and more control
            when invoking AI actions, allowing to see the response and preview its impact on the
            document using an action that triggers the visual XML-aware comparison. You may decide
            also to further refine the responses by continuing the discussion with the <b>AI
                Positron</b> platform in the chat view.</p>
        <p>In a chat message you may use editor variables that expand to the selected content or the
            entire document, these allow to define flexible prompts and the support to save
            favorites enables you to store and easily reuse the prompts you find useful for your
            activity.</p>
        <p>Along with the preview action for the AI responses, you may also choose the insert or
            copy to clipboard actions associated with each response.</p>
        <p>Version 0.9.2 of the plugin improves the existing actions and contributes new AI actions,
            such as:</p>
        <ul id="ul-c635c65b-0c57-4866-8d14-89ee1fdce476">
            <li><b>Correct Grammar</b> - Correct the grammar and spelling of the selected
                content.</li>
            <li><b>Use Active Voice</b> - Convert the selected content from passive voice to active
                voice.</li>
            <li><b>Generate Questions</b> - Find out possible questions that the selected content or
                the entire document responds to.</li>
            <li><b>Answer Questions</b> - See how AI will respond to your questions taking into
                account either the selected content or the entire document.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>If an error message provides a good description of the identified problem and eventually
            a hint on how to fix it, which is typically the case with Schematron errors, then you
            may take advantage of the a quick-fix action called <b>AI Positron Fix</b> that tries to
            find a solution to that validation problem. This action can be triggered from the
            contextual menu for the validation problems that are displayed in the application
                <i>Problems</i> list.</p>
        <p>The add-on now also contributes two <b>XPath extension functions</b> which can be used
            from XSLT stylesheets, XQuery scripts, and from Schematron schemas to process content or
            to perform validation checks on existing content. Custom XML refactoring operations
            based on XSLT or XQuery update can also take advantage of these AI functions, so you can
            apply also batch processing on multiple documents.</p>
        <p>For additional information on the <b>Oxygen AI Positron Assistant</b> plugin, including
            the installation instructions, you can check out this article on the Oxygen XML
            Blog:</p>
        <p><xref href="https://blog.oxygenxml.com/topics/ai_positron.html" format="html"
                scope="external">https://blog.oxygenxml.com/topics/ai_positron.html</xref></p>
        <p>We want to remind you that we plan to frequently release new features and improvements,
            so please let us know what you think of the current version and stay tuned for exciting
            new versions of this plugin!</p>
        <p>Dear Tom,</p>
        <p>I understand your point about Q&amp;A type of posts. I also noticed that you are
            interested in AI and how that impacts technical documentation, and that is why I asked
            Alin to get in touch with you.</p>
        <p>I think we are in a very good position right now because the AI-generated content is not
            always suitable to be sent directly to end-users, but it is a good tool for writers who
            can then review and possibly edit the generated content further.</p>
        <p>We had a basic initial release of the Oxygen AI Positron Assistant plugin before ConVEx
            (former DITA North America), and we presented it there in a test kitchen session that
            received a lot of interest and feedback. However, we made some very important changes in
            our latest release earlier this week to provide visual diff to allow writers to see what
            changed, moving from one-shot actions to actions that initiate a chat session, thus
            allowing users to fine-tune the result if needed. Users can also ask to process the
            document or the selection in the way that they want just by starting a new chat and
            using editor variables that expand to the document and selection, respectively, and be
            able to reuse those prompts by saving them as favorites.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
